[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA GARR: Regina
Meredith began her career
in journalism as one
of the first women
to enter the field of
sports broadcasting on NBC.
She's also an Emmy
Award winning producer
for her critically acclaimed
environmental documentary
called "Sierra in Peril."
And you can see Regina as
the host of "Open Minds"
right here on Gaia.
But what you might
not know about Regina
is her flair for
vegetarian cooking.
And she has published
two vegetarian cookbooks.
And she leads
incredible workshops
on expanded consciousness.
Welcome.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Thank you.
I'm listening to that
and I'm thinking, wow,
that's a classic case of ADD.
>>LISA: I know, you've had quite
an incredible career, which
is why I'm so
grateful to have you
on "Inspirations"
because you are a very
inspirational figure.
>>MEREDITH: Thank you.
>>LISA: And for all of
your listeners or viewers
that want to see
who's Regina, we're
going to learn a
little bit about Regina
behind "Open Minds."
>>MEREDITH: Sounds good.
>>LISA: You've had a great,
great incredible life.
So, wow, one of the first
female broadcasters in sports.
That's quite a feat.
Tell me about that.
>>MEREDITH: I initially got
into television which started
as a ski reporter on a dare.
I didn't want to
be in television.
I had no interest in it.
And I'm painfully shy,
so that was not a career
path I would have chosen.
And it was a situation that
was kind of delicate in that I
was a young woman.
I was married.
I was married to a man who
was very competitive and very
into sports.
And we would watch the
evening news on Thursdays.
And this was Channel 3 in
Sacramento, the NBC affiliate,
which is a large market.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>MEREDITH: And we
would notice how
the person giving the ski
conditions on Thursdays
were lying.
The weather man would
deliver the news, right?
And he would get
his news directly
from the public relations
department and the ski areas.
So we'd be out skiing
that day and digging up
our skis on rocks and so forth.
And they'd say, packed
powder, lovely Squaw Valley,
and on and on, right?
And we were just laughing.
And he said, well, why
don't you go down and get
a job as a ski reporter?
And I said, why would I do that?
I have no experience
in television.
And he said, well, what else are
you going to do with your life?
And he was started
kind of berating me
like I wasn't ambitious enough.
And I start crying.
And I said if you
can get an interview,
I'll go down and talk to them.
Fully expecting it was a
lark and that they would not
accept me.
And so he managed
to get an interview
with the news director.
I don't know what
he said, probably,
something that wasn't true.
>>LISA: Gave you all the
experience that you didn't
have, but it didn't matter.
>>MEREDITH: He knew
how to tell a story.
So as I met with
them, it was a time
where they were just starting
to look at women potentially
for sports.
Jane Chastain, I believe,
was doing local sports
in Los Angeles at the time.
She-- I believe she
was the first person.
And so they thought,
well, if it can be done--
and they knew I skied and knew a
lot about sports, and so forth.
So they just did the ski report.
They hired me on the spot.
And I did not know
how to do anything.
I didn't know how
to write a script.
And in fact, when
I was first on,
the first time it was on
TV, it was, of course, live.
And I didn't know to look at
the camera with the red light.
They assumed I knew these things
and I didn't know anything.
So I had a problem.
My stomach was upset.
I burped during the first show.
It was just disaster.
I mean, I think all around,
it probably was a disaster.
But the news director
saw something in me
and hired me and said, we need
you to come back next week
and start.
>>LISA: Trial by fire.
>>MEREDITH: Oh, yeah.
>>LISA: Live TV.
>>MEREDITH: Well I started--
I couldn't admit that
I didn't know anything.
So I just watched and looked
over people's shoulders
as to how you write
a proper script,
because it's highly
formatted, as you know, in TV.
And so I just looked
and watched and covertly
and figured out how to
assemble things on a script.
And that was it.
That was the beginning
of the career.
The idea was I would become one
of the first women in sports
a few months later,
which did happen.
And by that time, only
to 2 and 1/2 years later,
CBS jumped in the game and put
Phyllis George, a former Miss
America on, as
part of their team,
their sports team on
Sunday Sports Coverage.
So NBC decided to
try to match CBS
and they installed me in there.
But that was kind
of a lark also.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>MEREDITH: Where did you
learn to be so adaptable?
I didn't know I was.
I just always did
what was before me.
If I had to do it, I would do
it and do it as best I could.
And my early life
had a trauma in it
when I was very, very young.
And that kind of set me
in a bubble of my own.
So my world was my making.
I wasn't really subject to
what other people thought.
I didn't have a lot
of guidance or--
which means I also didn't
have a lot of judgement.
I didn't have a lot of
other people's stories.
And I think that--
I think really that's
where it came from.
I didn't have other people's
stories overlaying my life.
It's just kind of
whatever I could think of
or chose to do or make up
on the moment in the moment,
I would just do it.
It didn't occur to me
there were obstacles.
>>LISA: Were you alone
a lot as a child?
>>MEREDITH: Yeah, I was a loner.
I never had more than
one friend at a time.
I would kind of
get close to have
one girlfriend where I could of
confide in her and that's it.
And didn't do groups.
Didn't raise my hand in class.
Didn't participate.
I just-- I just sat and watched.
>>LISA: And what happened?
Do you mind sharing with us?
>>MEREDITH: Well,
it was a situation
that was unintentional,
but it had consequences.
My parents were very young.
And they had-- my
mother had my sister--
was ready to have my sister who
was two years younger than I.
And they didn't
have any relatives.
They'd all-- mom had
moved from Minnesota.
Dad had moved from Texas.
And they were young kids at 19.
Met, got married, had me
at 20 in San Francisco.
And they had no support,
no family support.
So mom had to go to the
hospital to deliver my sister.
And there was no one
to leave me with,
because my dad had
to continue working.
So she made an arrangement
that turned out to be unwise--
but she didn't
know at the time--
to put me in,
essentially, a children's
receiving center, which
is like an orphanage where
you adopt children out from.
Because she knew a lady
in our apartment building
that had a job there and
could just look in on me
from time to time and report
back to my mother if I was OK.
It was only supposed
to be for three days.
>>LISA: Oh, wow.
>>MEREDITH: So
they thought, well,
that can't do too much
damage in three days, right?
But what happened as
the nursery came down
with an ear infection.
And it was a
sterile environment.
So you couldn't-- you couldn't
get your children back out
until the entire nursery
settled down with ear infection.
So I ended up being
there for weeks.
>>LISA: My goodness.
>>MEREDITH: And there
was this one incident,
this one day in which they
had had my sister by then.
She was 10 days late.
And then we were in
another few weeks
because of the ear infection.
And they came to this
room that had a glass door
and waved at me with a new baby.
But they couldn't
touch me or see me.
And I have recall
from very early years.
>>LISA: Of course.
>>MEREDITH: And I was
screaming bloody murder.
I wanted out.
I wanted to go home
with them so badly.
And they didn't know what to do.
They were 22.
They had a new baby.
They didn't know about emotional
support and things like that.
And so they turned
around and walked away.
And that was it.
It changed everything.
Then I felt like
I was hysterical.
But by the time I calmed
down, I knew I was on my own.
And I always felt that way.
>>LISA: And that message
is you're not wanted,
although unintentional--
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>LISA: --this is
more important.
Yeah.
I can see how you
could make all this--
>>MEREDITH: But when you're two
you don't have any discernment.
>>LISA: No.
But that's when it happens.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah, exactly.
>>LISA: We make these
decisions about ourselves
at such early ages.
And we-- unconsciously,
they run our lives.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
They do.
And I always have looked at
it as having a hidden benefit,
because I was not subject to
what other people thought.
I lived in a bubble of my
own making and choosing.
My whole-- really, my
whole life pretty much.
And so I mean it could make
relationships challenging
at times, because I tend to keep
things to myself because I'm
self-sufficient that way.
And I've had to learn how
to open up over the years
and communicate feelings and
not just assume someone else
might know these things.
So that's been my
own journey, yeah.
>>LISA: Why do you call
it a hidden benefit?
>>MEREDITH: Because I was
not subject to other people's
opinions about me
and my life at all.
So there was no--
I had no programming.
The only program I had
was you're on your own.
And I was on my own.
So no one really looked
over my shoulder.
And if they did, I wouldn't--
it wouldn't have mattered to me
really, because I just
did what I wanted.
And I was a pretty
terrible student in school.
If I liked something,
I was always top.
If I didn't like it, I'd be
sinking toward the bottom
because I would
put no effort in.
>>LISA: Wouldn't care.
>>MEREDITH: If I
didn't understand
the value of a subject,
I just didn't do it.
And so I'm not
saying that part's
a hidden benefit, I just--
I just did what I wanted.
And so when it came
time to do this,
I had been embarrassed enough,
be-- you know, feeling like,
well, he thinks I'm a coward.
So I will show up
for that interview.
I'm not going to
get the job anyway.
And I was terrified to be on TV.
>>LISA: Well, you're
incredibly resilient.
You have the ability to
make a situation work.
And I wondered how did you
get into broadcasting here
at the network at Gaia?
>>MEREDITH: Well,
it's just-- it's
I've been in it my whole life.
After that dare, I took the job.
And so from there, I ended
up on network sports.
And that was a very privileged
time in network television.
Everyone was bathed in,
you know, dollar bills.
And everything was first class.
And so I lived--
I lived the life of
Reilly during my 20s
in particular,
because I had also
been discovered as a model.
I did a very tiny stint, just
a few little jobs in modeling
when I was 20.
And Chrysler Corporation
discovered me.
>>LISA: Oh, fantastic.
>>MEREDITH: So they
hired me as their mascot
for one of their divisions.
So I traveled around
the country and was
paid a retainer every year.
And again, a lot of
first class treatment
when I was a little baby girl.
>>LISA: Those were the days.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
I mean, and NBC was--
NBC was a real--
for me it was kind
of a shot in the arm,
because I thought if they're
seeing something in me,
then maybe I have some
talent that I'm not aware of.
So I just took it at
face value, because they
thought so that I did.
So that gave me the
confidence to do well.
And I did do well.
You know, I was totally
presentable on air
by this time.
I had been on the
air a few years.
And one thing-- you parley
one thing into another.
>>LISA: Well, the consciousness.
That's definitely-- and you
started it a long time ago--
broadcasting about conscious,
the conscious media network.
That was way before its time.
>>MEREDITH: It was.
Prior to that in--
it would be the late '80s even,
after I'd been a news anchor.
I decided then that mainstream
television wasn't for me.
I didn't like the
untruthfulness of it.
I did not like that
we were, essentially,
pouring out enhanced
negative news right
before people went
to sleep at night.
And I was doing that.
That's what I did for a living.
>>LISA: Was there a
specific breaking point
that you had with
that realization?
>>MEREDITH: There was--
no, the breaking point
came politically,
because I was part
of a man-woman anchor team.
And they had called me in--
the general manager had
called me in and said,
look, your co-anchor is
not good at small talk,
let's just say, at ad libbing.
And he would, he'd mess
things up all the time.
And so they asked me if I
would please step in and take
over all ad libbing.
So I'd do all the tosses
to weather, sports,
and without making it look
like I'm stepping on him.
So it's like the
good little wife--
>>LISA: Interesting.
>>MEREDITH: --doing
what they ask you to do.
And so I did it.
And the shows flowed
more smoothly.
Then we went into a recession.
And they had budget
cuts, because, of course,
advertising revenue
starts dropping.
And they had to cut the
show to a half an hour
and to one anchor.
And they were very blunt.
They said, well, bad news.
We're not going to
re-up your contract.
I mean, we only can
only have one anchor.
Can't be a woman.
They were very direct about it.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>MEREDITH: And the
show didn't do too well.
But that's beside the point.
That's when I realized this is--
and I had been through a lot
of politics at NBC as well.
And I thought this is
just littered with people
that will kind of step on--
step on your back or your face
to get where they want to go.
And then these false
kinds of values, you know?
>>LISA: Such as--
>>MEREDITH: A massive amount
of sexism, massive amount.
>>LISA: Tell me about that?
>>MEREDITH: Well, I mean,
I noticed early on--
this happened early, when
I had only been a sports
anchor for about a year.
I did weekend sports.
I did three shows
on the weekend.
And then I would come and
fill in for the main anchors
during the week.
Or I would occasionally,
they'd send me out
in the field to do a story.
So the first story I
was assigned to do--
which is very near
and dear to me--
was with a kind
of a B-rate boxer.
He looked like he had promise.
You know, he could
have been a contender.
We had a fight coming up.
And he was-- he
was a lightweight.
And I went out.
They sent me out
with a camera man.
I went out and did the story.
And I came back and
I put beautiful music
over it, which wasn't done
in industry at that time,
not even at the network level.
And I thought, why can't
you put music over it?
So I put Simon and
Garfunkel's "The Boxer--"
>>LISA: Oh, great.
>>MEREDITH: --over
it at the time.
And I did this very
emotional piece about him
instead of guys handing the
microphone back and forth,
what do you think your
odds are tonight, Pete?
And blah, blah, blah,
you know, back and forth.
I didn't relate to
sports that way.
I wanted to know what
motivated people.
So I did this really, really
lovely emotional piece
with what it meant--
what he thought the win was
going to bring his life.
And how he thought he was
going to have a big house,
and maybe he didn't have a
girlfriend, and all of that, it
was his, you know,
it was his motivation
for fighting and having
his face punched in.
That takes a lot of courage
to show up as a boxer.
And I always had this soft
spot for the courage of boxers.
So I came back.
And we aired the piece on
the main news at night.
And the reaction, I
thought, that's pretty--
I think that's pretty
good, you know.
I was happy with.
But instead, the reaction
by the two main anchors
was, well, what did
you do that for?
You don't have to put that
much effort in, you know.
Because they didn't
put any effort in.
And I've noticed this
repeatedly as a news anchor
and as different
positions throughout, even
at the network, I
was putting way more
work in than the men were.
And I didn't know it till later.
And I started realizing how
come the women work so much
harder than the men?
And my friends-- I had
a lot of female friends
that were news
anchors and such--
they had the same experience.
And then they'd get passed over.
They were better.
They'd be acknowledged as
being better at their job,
openly, I mean even critically
in the newspapers and such.
But they'd be
passed over for men.
And that's not--
it's not changed.
>>LISA: But yet, you're not out
here with your hashtag #metoo.
And you're not
complaining about it.
Explain that.
>>MEREDITH: Well, I don't feel--
I mean that men were
sexist was-- that was
the culture of the time.
That's how it was.
And I remember I was going
to do a story one time.
And the cameramen that came with
me, a season old guy, you know,
he kept leering over--
I had a skirt on--
looking at my legs.
And I thought
what's Bruce doing?
So anyway, finally,
he leaned over.
And he put his hand
right here on my thigh.
And I hit him.
You know?
I said what do you
think you're doing?
Knock it off.
You're married.
And that was the end of that.
Of course, he never
did that again.
But I would just handle
things very directly.
And that was the most--
that was the closest anyone got.
I did not suffer from
direct sexual harassment.
I was subject to the
sexism in the industry--
>>LISA: Difference
>>MEREDITH: --by way of
different pay and all that.
But I did not--
men did not harass me.
They just knew to stay
away for the most part,
except Bruce, who
was a little dim.
>>LISA: You had boundaries,
which was great at that time.
And that was important as well.
>>MEREDITH: You just don't step
over them for any reason ever.
And you deal with it immediately
if anybody else does.
>>LISA: Great advice.
Great advice.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>LISA: So you made a decision
that you no longer wanted
to do this level of hard
news and put people to bed
with that level of negativity.
Were you ever an
empath or intuitive?
I mean the gifts you have now,
where did those come from?
>>MEREDITH: Well, I think
they were always there,
I just didn't play with them.
As soon as I started
playing with them,
which was probably
by my mid-20s where
someone taught me to meditate.
And I had an experience
the first time I meditated.
Didn't have any
idea what it was for
or what it meant at the time.
I figured it out later.
But--
>>LISA: Was it like a
Kundalini arising or awakening?
>>MEREDITH: No, it
was a vision I had.
It turns out, it was looking
into a past life of mine.
And it was--
>>LISA: What was it?
>>MEREDITH: It was a woman
who'd hurled herself off
of a cliff in a red
sari to her death.
And I was watching it in slow
motion and thought what's
going on?
You know?
So many years later, I put
the pieces together, but--
>>LISA: That was you?
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
That was me.
>>LISA: What was the
reason, do you know?
>>MEREDITH: No, I've
never really gone into it.
I just I came to discover
what it was and why.
But it's not--
I've looked into a
lot of past lives.
I wasn't curious enough about
that one to even look at.
Well, obviously,
something tragic
happened, because red
is a wedding sari.
So it could have been
an invading force, which
happened where the women--
the wives of the
king, for example--
royal, if you were
in a royal family.
And one of the wives, they
would put their red saris on.
I have a friend who's Indian.
And she explained all of this
socially to me and historically
and said you would
put-- don a red sari
and then take your own life.
And that was one way to do it.
There were many ways to do it.
>>LISA: Interesting, though.
>>MEREDITH: Something
happened that was
a downward turn
in my circumstance
that I felt that I needed to
kill myself over obviously.
But other than that, I
haven't really looked into it.
>>LISA: It's interesting.
When you look at the
boxer and you ask them
why do they sacrifice
themselves to change their life,
essentially that's what you did.
Yeah.
>>MEREDITH: So it
was just one thing.
I've seen many, many
past lives since then.
And I also--
I had a little hypnotherapy
clinic for a while,
so I've taken a lot of other
people into their past lives
as well.
>>LISA: You did?
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>LISA: As a hypnotherapist?
And it was just a--
like I said ADD--
I like to do a lot of things.
>>LISA: I love it.
>>MEREDITH: Anything that
interests me, I just do.
>>LISA: Wait.
You can't just blow by that one.
You had a hypnotherapy clinic?
You were a hypnotherapist?
>>MEREDITH: Um-mm
>>LISA: For how long?
>>MEREDITH: Just
a couple of years.
Then I went back into TV.
>>LISA: That's
quite a diversion.
You just do that, baby.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>LISA: So you took
people into deep hypnosis.
>>MEREDITH: Um-hmm.
>>LISA: Fascinating.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>LISA: And what did you-- did
you find you liked it, or--
>>MEREDITH: I found I was
particularly good at past life
regression.
I did not like working
with addictions,
because there's so much
pain, emotional pain,
around them for people.
I didn't enjoy--
and it's stubborn.
When I was certified
in hypnotherapy,
I had a very wise teacher.
And his father had also
been a psychologist
and hypnotherapist.
And he said-- which was very
interesting for me to learn--
that almost all addictions
have other entities
behind the scenes
attached to it,
which is not what a
psychologist would normally say.
But he said when you have gone
into some kind of dysfunction
and you have damaged your
field-- through alcohol
or drugs in particular, but
even through anything that's
kind of OCD, even smoking,
you start kind of damaging,
you can say that the
integrity of your auric field.
That allows for entities to come
closer and closer in and take
advantage of you.
And so if Uncle Bob liked
smoking, and he's passed on,
and you were close.
He can-- he can come in--
this is a very dense,
silly example--
but he can come in and enjoy the
pleasure and sensation hanging
out with you while you're
smoking and encourage it.
And so you had to
deal with that.
You had to go back to the very
first time these events started
to find out what the
psychological soup was
at that time that made you
pick up the first cigarette.
Was it to impress others?
To feel cool?
Was it because you
wanted to defy someone?
For example, there was so
much you had to go into
to start unwinding it.
And I did it.
I just didn't enjoy it
as much as people who
came in for regression work.
That was I loved it and
I had a skill for it.
>>LISA: And you realized
and worked with other realms
and recognized that we've been
here before, several times.
>>MEREDITH: Well, yeah.
And I'd had many of my own
experiences by then anyway.
So I was totally
comfortable with it.
>>LISA: And so thus
getting into hidden truths
and different types of
expansive consciousness.
>>MEREDITH: Well, first
I did environmental--
>>LISA: Oh, yes, yes.
>>MEREDITH: I an
environmental report
to get environmental
understanding
into the household
on the nightly news.
I did that.
And then I did a documentary
called "Sierra in Peril"
that did very well
throughout the PBS system.
It won awards.
And I think it may still
be used in the curriculum.
It was at UC Berkeley, I
remember, all the way down
to middle school as to
how an ecosystem works
and that competing
interests can come together
to start a healing process
for an environmental system.
So it was good.
I put a lot of love and
energy and research into that.
>>LISA: So what are some
of your favorite topics?
>>MEREDITH: It's
dependent on life.
It depends on where
you're putting yourself
in life in that moment.
I love a lot of things.
And in terms-- you're talking
about just metaphysics
specifically?
>>LISA: Or the shows, what
are some of your favorite show
topics?
That you want to get
out into the world.
>>MEREDITH: I know.
It's such a hard question,
because I'm thinking--
it's like a screen with 1,000
pixels like, oh, my god, who--
if we're going to
look at kind of what's
going on in the world
behind the scenes
in terms of the
power structures,
I love interviewing
Danny Sheehan.
You know, I don't
really interview him.
I can't prepare for him.
>>LISA: Yeah, that's a lot.
>>MEREDITH: His
knowledge is too vast.
>>LISA: Yes,
>>MEREDITH: I'm just--
anything I would do
would be totally insufficient.
I basically wind Danny up, ask
him a question, and he goes.
And I just I love
what comes out of it,
because he has such depth
of knowledge and experience.
He's so interesting.
So of course, I
always love those.
And then sometimes I do
channellers and psychics.
And I love Belinda.
She probably has the sweetest
energy of all and very pure,
very, very.
I like it when it lines up
with a pure heart and no ego.
And so the ones I do along
that line are really lovely.
I've done-- sometimes
it's hardcore.
I did an interview
in London recently
with David Icke that was really
a wonderful rendering of David.
Kind of moving along
on his own path.
I love the subject of
how the soul works.
That's my passion.
And that's what I do in my
workshops when I'm teaching.
It's really about the dialogue
and going into companionship
with the higher mind and soul
from this earthly perspective
and making it work on Earth.
Because too many
people turn to fields
of metaphysics with the
idea of enlightenment
as a goal, which is to me really
not a good way to go about it.
Usually it's through
pain of some kind.
And so a lot of times when
people are in pain or have
experienced trauma-- which
is every human being--
you're susceptible to
messages that really aren't
that high quality or healthy.
And you take that in and
then you substitute it
for your own intuition
and your own knowledge.
And that's where I
really kind of get off
the wagon with the metaphysical
movement in general.
Anything that substitutes
their word and their wisdom
for your innate word and
innate wisdom, to me,
is doing humanity a disservice.
>>LISA: So gurus, people
that are self-proclaimed.
>>MEREDITH: Not down with it.
Not down with that
at all, because they
almost always give you
their method, their thing,
their path, their belief.
And the fact is we
all have great wisdom.
So my thing is to help people
really integrate and tap
into that in a real way
that works on Earth.
>>LISA: What about this,
well, my guides told me,
my guides say?
How do you interview that?
>>MEREDITH: Well, that's
challenging because we all
have guides.
And those who are open, and if
you have your ego set aside,
and you're not dependent
on the nature of the answer
for your ego satisfaction
or survival--
if you can go with
what I'm saying
is if you can go
with non-attachment
and let the information
flow through,
you can get great information
that works for you.
As soon as you have an
attachment to the outcome, now
it's compromised.
And then what you
hear is actually
through that filter of need--
neediness, desire.
Then you can't trust it so much.
>>LISA: That's a
great distinction.
You can really tell
when someone speaking
from a true authentic place of
guidance as opposed to wanting
someone to like them
because of their guidance.
It's interesting.
>>MEREDITH: Oh, yeah.
>>LISA: There is a certain ego
that comes with a spiritualist.
There's a fine line.
This industry, this topic
that we're talking about,
it can be very egocentric
where someone makes up an idea
and people that are
hungry for information
instantly will follow that.
>>MEREDITH: As soon as you
say I'm the path, I'm the way,
I'm in the know, I'm on the
inside, I stop listening.
I don't listen to anyone that
makes those claims, because I
know that that's ego speaking.
And that means they probably
are not any of those things.
I've had the privilege,
through the last 30
years of being in
this field, of knowing
people who are the real deal.
You don't know their names.
You almost never know.
People that know, know.
But if you haven't dug down
in yourself to get beyond
the quote "self-proclaimed"
teachers and gurus,
you probably won't ever
run into the real deals.
They're usually quiet.
They don't make any claims.
They'll put you first.
They'll put your journey, your
own integrity, your own soul
journey first above
any message they have.
And it's all an attempt to help
you become your true best self
and listen to your own voice.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: And that's
what I respect and honor
is those kind of
people that do have
genuine teachings, though
they won't call themselves
a teacher per se.
>>LISA: To listen
to your own truth.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
>>LISA: But there's also
the concept of the aliens
and people who have
been abductees, these--
you know, I host "Coast
to Coast" as well.
And I hear these stories
repetitively that
seem so real to these people.
And they're also similar.
>>MEREDITH: I think some
of them are very real.
I think some aren't
and some are.
And the thing is
you have to learn
how to listen with discernment.
And you have to understand that
sometimes the experience is
real to that person.
They're not making it up,
>>LISA: Right.
>>MEREDITH: Something happened.
And that's why I had
such great admiration
for the work of Dr. John Mack.
John Mack was the
one who really put--
he put a cloak of
respectability around it
by simply choosing, as the
Head of Clinical Psychology
at Harvard, to take this
body of work on, analyze it.
And he said something
real is happening.
And part of the proof
something real is happening--
proof's in the pudding, right--
is that after these
experiences, most commonly--
and when they're
real experiences,
these people have an
enhanced sense of awareness.
Their psychic abilities leap up.
They have openings they didn't
have prior to the event.
So you know that
something has happened.
Now whether it happened
in another dimension
on another plane while
they were asleep,
whether it happened where
they are sure they remember
their body floating out
of their bedroom window,
I think all of those
things are possible.
And they have happened to
various people throughout time.
The problem is if
you're using it
to make an excuse
for something else
or because you're
titillated or intrigued
or want to position yourself
somehow in the world,
then, you know, I'm a
little more suspect.
And you don't know.
You have to use your own
personal discernment to see,
ah, they seem like
the real deal to me.
They feel like the real deal.
And then you find
out they weren't.
out why is it that I
thought that was the real
deal when they turned out
to be a fraud?
And so that's how we
learn how to use--
that's how we learn
how to develop
our sense of discernment.
You have to make
mistakes and evaluate it.
>>LISA: So we know
Regina the host,
but we don't know
Regina the teacher.
Tell me--
>>MEREDITH: I don't
like the word teacher.
I like to guide people.
That's why I said I don't
like to call myself a teacher.
I do workshops.
And I guide people
through processes
that allow them to go
deeper into themselves
and deeper into the--
I call it-- the little spark
of desire of the spirit,
of the soul, the soul's voice.
Which I'm also on a path
called the hermetic path,
I have been for many years.
And so sometimes I
use their terminology
just because it's convenient.
I really like it
because it dovetails
with a lot of other
things that I know
and have experienced in life.
So that path serves
academically for me.
>>LISA: Explain.
Tell me what that is.
>>MEREDITH: OK.
Well, it's a body of
esoteric knowledge.
It's pretty much still kept
fairly quiet for a reason.
It's very powerful.
And you certainly
don't want that kind
of information bandied
about in a cheap way
like we do now,
and tweeted about.
And especially when you
get further in years in,
it's very powerful.
You don't want that misused.
They don't want that misused.
And so they just keep it quiet.
You study.
It's very solitary.
And you practice.
And it's a path.
So it's one that
I've chosen because I
call it a proper
education, because it
goes into all aspects
of the unseen world,
everything from art
and poetry and music
into science and quantum physics
and other realms of entities
and so forth.
So it kind of
encompasses all of it.
But I only bring it up because
they use a certain language
that is convenient.
And when they're
looking at the mind,
they have it broken into
higher mind and lower mind.
And simply, if anyone has seen--
on my site, you
can see it under--
you'll see a little picture
on my site reginameredith.com
that says Starworks, USA.
And it's basically is about
the origins of humankind.
It's a story that
I render that I
was taught by these beings
many, many years ago
and just watch for
evidence through the years
to see if it holds water.
And finally, after 30 years I
started sharing it publicly.
And I'm invited in as a speaker
at conferences and such.
Anyone that listens to
that will understand
what I mean when I say
the lower mind is simply
the earthly animal
expression that we have that
gets us through life
on a daily basis.
The higher mind is the part
that is connected with the soul.
It's a much more refined, other
dimensional aspect of ourselves
that is connected to the all.
And depending on
your own development,
pretty much can access
knowledge of all kinds.
So we have access to it.
But we don't know how to reach
into that part very well.
And that is what
I help people do.
I help facilitate
exercises where
they can hear their
true voice and what
it's saying, what it's
desiring, and then
start connecting with
it on a conscious level
to start going into,
literally, a relationship
between the earthly part that
gets us through the day, keeps
us from bumping into things,
and crashing our cars,
and deciding we need
to go the grocery store
and what to get on the list,
and the part that should be much
more influential in our lives.
That is the part that
understands from the time we're
born, essentially, our Dharma.
What are we doing here?
Which relationships do we
have to balance and correct
in this opportunity,
in this incarnation?
It's called Starworks, USA.
You'll see it.
It's just one of the
banners on my site.
It says Starworks, USA.
Click here.
Origins of the human species.
So anybody can watch it.
It's all free.
>>LISA: Fascinating.
And so what did you learn
about time around this?
>>MEREDITH: Well, you
know if you take it
into a more modern,
practical-- first of all,
everything took way more
time than science is even
beginning to understand.
These things take
vast periods of time.
And they've gotten
pretty good at certain
dating to peg certain
events and certain places.
And I think what's happening
around the last flood,
for example, is
really interesting,
because they're finding
a lot of evidence--
you know the Gobekli
Tepe story and so forth.
But in terms of the
development of something,
that takes massive
amount of time
and a massive
amount of patience.
And I think you're
talking about it
more in the common sense
of how we use time?
>>LISA: A little
bit of both though.
Because time-- as you're
speaking with these beings
and the amount of time
you're speaking about,
it all can really truly
collapse, can't it?
I mean it's timeless.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
>>LISA: And this is
one of the things
that I haven't shared with
you, my near-death experience.
And that is one of
the things that I
saw was this timelessness
and this expanded
oneness of everything.
>>MEREDITH: Right, absolutely.
>>LISA: And that sense of
what you're talking about.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
It was-- when you're looking
at life on that scale.
And you're looking at
intelligence on that scale--
>>LISA: Right.
>>MEREDITH: --the one thing it
has in its favor is patience.
Patience take strength--
>>LISA: Yeah, it does.
>>MEREDITH: --to
allow everything
to form in its own time.
And this is right
down to every time--
a watched pot never boils.
This comes down to making
a soup and so forth.
Which kind of gets us into you
were talking about the things I
share with people
in these workshops
and the experiences they have.
This is a big one, the
notion that now we're here--
>>LISA: Yes, right?
>>MEREDITH: We're part animal.
We're part splendidly
intelligent, creative, divine
aspect of ourselves.
It's there all the time.
That's who we are.
It's in our cells.
And we just don't access it.
We tend not to access it,
because Earth life blows it
out.
And now with social media
and all the distractions
we're not paying any
attention to the voice that's
constantly whispering to them.
They don't even hear it.
It's drowned out by the mundane.
So I help people open up and
listen to that voice again.
So they can--
>>LISA: By slowing down?
By being quiet?
>>MEREDITH: Well, I
do a lot of exercises.
Like I said, even I even do
past life regressions with them
in groups and take them into
very specific meditations
of recovery of this skill,
this talent, these memories,
and such.
But time is-- that's
the interesting thing.
Because on Earth, people
get so frustrated and angry
and defeated.
And it almost always
is tied to time.
Because remember, if
you're a being that
can manifest at the
speed of thought
and you're now in this body in
this dimension in this material
world trying to manifest
something, it can take forever.
It can not happen at all.
So people become--
they live in despair.
When am I going to
have the love I want?
When am I going to have a baby?
When am I going to be able to
manifest the career I want?
Well, you've got to have a
buy in from a whole bunch
of other people--
or at least one other person
in the case of a baby--
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>MEREDITH: --and
the entity that's
going to be born, two other
entities, just to have a baby.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: The timing has
to be right for the one who
wants to come through, for
the father, for the bodies,
and everything.
So time becomes almost
we don't recognize
that the problem is just time.
Whereas, if you have
a sense of grace,
and you're listening to the
spirit and they're saying
you haven't met that one yet.
That's not here yet.
So enjoy what you're doing.
Learn from this
current experience.
But this isn't the one that
you'll have your child with.
If you can hear
yourself, you don't
get so wound up and
defeated and frustrated
and feel so hopeless over life.
>>LISA: It's such an
interesting concept, time,
because sometimes it
feels like it blows by.
And sometimes it feels
like it is going so slowly.
So it begs the question
of what is time?
And--
>>MEREDITH: Well,
it's a construct here
that we're tied to.
You know, we've got
clocks running, every kind
of clock running all the time.
So in this dimension, we're tied
to our notion of linear time.
>>LISA: But in
other dimensions--
>>MEREDITH: You're not.
>>LISA: --or other
forms you're not.
>>MEREDITH: No.
That's why guides--
go back to guides.
>>LISA: Right.
>>MEREDITH: A guide can tell
you this is going to happen.
You're like, oh,
yippee, I'm so excited.
My true love is on his way.
And then it's like
five years later.
And they said, well,
we didn't say when,
because they don't work in time.
>>LISA: But we can.
I would say that you
have this incredible use
of this construct
of time to create
and creativity, and your
knowledge of the universe,
and your knowledge of
this wonderful star
system and guides, that
you intentionally manifest
your next steps, Regina.
>>MEREDITH: Well, I do, but
I just do it through desire.
It's what I want.
>>LISA: It's a great example.
>>MEREDITH: And so I don't
do it because someone
is telling me to do it.
I know-- well, it's my Dharma.
And I have known
that for a long time.
>>LISA: Right.
>>MEREDITH: And I did
not want to be on TV.
I did not want to
be a news anchor.
I didn't want to be
any of those things.
I just did it because
I was dared into it
and they kept offering me
jobs and I needed the money.
On a soul level, it was
training, training, training.
I just kept my nose in it.
Keep training,
because the time will
come when you have the freedom
to express it the way you wish.
And that's what happened.
>>LISA: That-- that's when
that all comes together.
And your hard work
and your diligence
and your research
and your curiosity,
combined with your
knowledge of all
of these great creativities--
and you're interested in the
hidden truths and the esoteric
and what's beyond beyond.
>>MEREDITH: Right.
>>LISA: This is the
soup of who you are.
I think it's fascinating.
>>MEREDITH: I mean I'm
curious about a lot of things.
And there's still a lot to do,
because I see people becoming--
what really pains me is to see
people becoming so increasingly
distracted where I know
they're not listening anymore.
People are just brain
dead walking out
in front of cars on the road.
It's scary in California.
I don't drive like I used to
because I don't know who's
going to pull some really
stupid move at the next second,
because it happens everyday.
I mean, I've watched some
horrendous crashes lately,
just horrendous car wrecks.
And I witnessed a motorcyclist
right where that wall is.
Don't know what he was thinking.
Jamming up between the
cars, which is legal,
going way too fast.
He didn't apply the brake.
He just slammed into
the back of a car.
His motorcycle shattered.
He went flying through the air.
Everything.
And I thought why
didn't he brake?
What was he thinking?
And I'm seeing this
stuff all the time now.
People are not occupying
their bodies anymore.
They're living on
total distraction.
And of course, we know that
these devices are largely
contributing factors.
He wasn't on a cell phone.
>>LISA: No.
>>MEREDITH: He just
wasn't dialed in.
I don't know what happened
in his perceptive field.
>>LISA: Well, that's
a great point, though,
about distractibility,
not just with the device,
because everything
we have access
to with the palm of our hand.
But it's these other I would
say energies, dimensions,
whatever you want to call
them are getting louder.
>>MEREDITH: That, too.
We have this time
now where humanity
and the other dimensions
are closer to one another.
But what a lot of people
in the metaphysical field
don't bring up or
don't understand
is it goes both ways.
You have higher
frequency beings that
are more readily
available, that are there
to guide you and protect you
and work with you until you can
remember and do
it yourself, which
could take us a very long time
to get back to that place.
But they're there for us.
And everybody has them.
They're benevolent beings
who have given-- they're
giving their service to us.
And we can tap in at any time.
And we know the
wonderful stories
of kind of angelic experiences
that happen at car crash sites
where someone seems to have
just been gently lifted
and they're 20 feet
from their car, safe,
without a broken bone.
They do that.
On the other hand,
if you're looking
at the Earth is sandwiched
between higher realms and lower
realms, the lower realm beings
are much more in touch, too.
And if you have taken
your frequencies
down to points of resentment,
anger, hatred, lack
of compassion, and
so forth, you're
a great companion
for these beings.
They can come right in.
And so now you're being
infected kind of the wrong way,
the downward way.
And it's going to take
time and a lot of will
to pull yourself
back up out of that.
>>LISA: Well, we have
this polarized world--
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
>>LISA: --right now
that is very much
a battle between those lower
frequencies, the competition,
the lies, and those higher
frequencies, those that see
hope for the future.
And I feel as humanity,
we are sandwiched right
where we could make
it either decision.
>>MEREDITH: You can
choose your world.
Everybody has the right.
If you want to stay in anger
and resentment about things you
literally cannot
control, then stay angry.
Stay resentful.
>>LISA: And that's what
you'll get more of.
>>MEREDITH: That's what
you're going to get more of.
But that's a choice.
That's an absolute choice.
Now it feels like I can't
believe that tweet that
came out this morning.
And you could just be beside
yourself with frustration
and, you know, upset
and everything.
But you can't stay there.
You've got to let
it go and get back
into what you can produce
with your own time on Earth
with your own energy.
And keep yourself moving in
that direction if you can.
>>LISA: There's so many
questions that I have for you.
And I want to learn more
about whisperings of the soul.
Could you share that
with us a little bit?
>>MEREDITH: The soul
and the soul higher
mind complex, they
work together.
If you're looking at it
through hermetic terms,
the soul would be the
positive and the higher mind
would be the negative.
And that doesn't mean bad.
It means positive and
negative are paired together
of the soul complex.
The higher mind is the part
that is talking to you.
The soul is what
incarnates along
with the higher mind, along
with the subconscious.
All the information from
before comes with you.
It's hidden in there in the
subconscious, subconscious.
So when you have a sudden
fear of, for example, heights,
you've probably brought that
through from another time
if you haven't had any
negative experience.
>>LISA: Right, right.
>>MEREDITH: So that's the kind
of subconscious doing its thing
to protect you.
The higher mind is in connection
with the soul directly.
And it's, like, no,
this person, you
need to be patient with this
person in your life now,
because maybe this is a person
that you harmed in another time
or dismissed or something.
And I'm giving really
baby examples of it.
And so the soul's whispering
through the higher mind, which
is whispering down to
your everyday mind,
your conscious mind.
No, you get this
little feeling, it's
going to be such a bitch
with this person right now.
And I feel so bad about it.
I should be more patient.
That's actually the
higher mind interpreting
a whispering coming
through, that this needs
to be balanced and adjusted.
So pay attention.
>>LISA: It does take slowing--
>>MEREDITH: You dredge
up something in yourself
that can do this better.
And that's the higher
mind speaking to you.
>>LISA: It takes slowing down,
though, to hear those messages.
>>MEREDITH: And we're
not slowing down.
We're speeding up.
>>LISA: As we talked about
a little bit earlier.
>>MEREDITH: That's why I do
these workshops is simply
to help people, give them
a safe space to slow down
and start feeling themselves and
hearing their own voice again.
>>LISA: You said that
you like to cook.
>>MEREDITH: Oh, yeah.
>>LISA: And it's one of
the passions that you have.
And I mentioned it
earlier in the opening
that you were a vegetarian cook.
And you had a show.
You have to check this out.
I'm just going to roll
this in for a second.
This was in the '80s?
>>MEREDITH: This was
in the '90s, late '90s,
and early 2000s, my
cooking show, yeah.
>>LISA: OK.
>>MEREDITH: "Regina's
Vegetarian Table."
>>LISA: I love it.
Take a look at this.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- So we're doing a
more healthful version
of mayonnaise.
The only thing is,
it is perishable.
So you make it and
then you really
need to use it
within a few days.
- Yes.
- What would you say maximum?
- About four days.
I would say four to five days.
- Yeah.
- And keep it well
chilled, always.
- OK.
Well chilled because
this does rely
on the use of raw egg yolks.
So this is something you have
to make your own decisions.
Personally, I made
smoothies for years
before the salmonella
issue came up
with raw egg yolks
and raw eggs and--
you can say I've been
playing Russian roulette.
I've always been lucky.
But it's really
not as big an issue
as it's made to seem when
you do have a salmonella
outbreak somewhere.
Robert Wemischner joins us now.
We call him the Tea Man.
And for good reason, that
is your territory, tea.
- Absolutely.
- In fact, you've spent a lot
of time putting this together.
And this is actually coming
out any day now called
"Cooking with Tea."
And you have a myriad
of tea recipes in there,
everything from entrees
to beverages to desserts
and appetizers with tea.
And today, we're
focusing on desserts.
- That's right.
- And we're using chai.
A lot of chai in this.
- Chai is a very popular flavor.
People find chai
an easy entry point
to learning about tea
since it has all kinds
of wonderful sweet spices.
It has an exotic allure.
And we're going to make
scones flavored with chai.
- What did you want the oven at?
- 375.
- OK.
Almost done then.
- Great.
And this is just about together,
bringing all those loose ends.
And then what we'll do is just
to give the top a nice shine
and deep brown,
we're going to brush
with a mixture of egg yolk
and a little bit of cream.
I'm going to sprinkle the
top with the scones dough
with some of this nice
demerara sugar, which
is a coarse brown
sugar, and then
a little bit of
cinnamon sugar on top.
And then it's going to
be segmented into however
many portions we want.
- These will be wonderful.
- And we'll put them
right into the oven.
- Very good.
- Are we ready to go?
- Yeah.
And what about 12 minutes?
About 15 to 20 minutes, perhaps.
I like them real
crisp and brown.
- OK.
Sounds good.
And we'll clean this mess up.
And then we're on to
recipe number two.
To what's coming up?
A lemon--
- A lemon tart,
tea and lemon tart.
I call it awesome, awesome.
- And I already stuck my finger
in the lemon curd back there.
It is awesome.
- Thank you.
- It's phenomenal.
- Well, Robert, I want to thank
you once again for joining us.
It's always a pleasure for me.
And I'm amazed at the amount
of wonderful creations
you can come up with using tea.
So until next
time-- and I'm sure
there will be a
next time-- san tea.
- San tea.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: It's so stylized because
of the time that it was taped.
>>MEREDITH: It was fun.
>>LISA: Yeah, that
was fun for you.
You had an experience
of doing something
where you were creating
in the kitchen,
but it's probably
more than that.
>>MEREDITH: I was just lucky in
that I was already in the PBS
system because I had done
this documentary they
had all these accolades.
So I had respect there.
And I said I'm doing
this vegetarian
column in the "Sacramento Bee."
And a producer said, let's
take this thing to national TV.
I said, sure, why not?
Let's do it.
And so the director of
daytime programming,
who had Julia Childs and "This
Old House" on, came, flew out,
met with me.
I made him some food.
And he said, let's
do this thing.
So I started "Regina's
Vegetarian Table"
because I was already a hands
on producer top to bottom.
And I love production.
And so I put a lot of
production values in my shows
prior to that, but also in
this one where I went out
in the field, had health
experts, a wine expert
at the end of each show,
farmers on organic produce.
Had original music done
for all the segments.
And it was the first time music
was used in a cooking show.
So it had a
different feel to it.
And it was for me just a
playground to have fun.
>>LISA: Well, it does
feel like you are
very intentional in your work.
Even though it looks like fun,
you are deeply researched.
You have a lot that's going
on behind what we see.
>>MEREDITH: Kind
of and kind of not.
I wasn't trained as a chef.
I just like to cook.
>>LISA: That's amazing.
>>MEREDITH: I said I'm
just do I'm doing this show
and sharing my recipes with you.
And it just took off.
>>LISA: Yeah, but
you pulled this out.
And you really did make it work.
Where do you live now?
You mentioned you
lived on a farm?
>>MEREDITH: Yeah, I just
moved from Sedona, Arizona,
which was my beloved place,
my beloved community and home.
And the time's up for it.
So I move back to
California to the home
my father built in the country.
So we live in the
Sierra Foothills.
And we have a lovely Satsuma
Mandarin orange orchard that
is a small commercial orchard.
And it's an area
that's no growth.
So the next city
over sells their land
to the highest bidder.
Nothing but shopping malls,
big box stores, and you
drive across the railroad
tracks into our town and nothing
but potholes and minimum
of five acre lots.
So it's very, very country.
>>LISA: There's no
growth limit on it?
>>MEREDITH: Oh,
yeah, the people that
live there don't want any
intrusion in the two towns.
I live right on the
border of the two.
And the total population is
8,000 between both towns.
And they won't allow
growth to happen,
which I'm very thankful for.
No developments.
So it's just farms.
And so people are coming
in from LA and the Bay Area
and snapping up the land and
building their McMansions
and a lot of vineyards
have gone in recently.
It's considered the new
wine growing region.
The DuPonts bought the
property two doors down
and put a vineyard in
and a wine tasting room.
But they still have to comply
to the local standards.
It's privately owned.
And they're living
by the standards.
But it's kind of you're
feeling now the kind of--
>>LISA: Progression.
>>MEREDITH: --progression.
>>LISA: It happens.
>>MEREDITH: It happens, yeah.
You know, people just
want to enjoy the country
and get away from being crowded.
Including me.
>>LISA: You're also
able to get out.
You are still very
busy and you work.
And then you can come back
to a place that is home.
And you have--
I've heard you talk
about beauty as being a very
important aspect of your life.
Can you share that
with us a little bit?
>>MEREDITH: It always has
been, since I remember,
since I was two or
three years old.
I just understood
something about
flowers and beautiful colors
and symmetry and so forth.
And then I started studying
it and just kind of looking
into it more as time went on.
And recently,
interviewed a man whom
I adore, Stephen Ross, on the
subject of beauty on my site.
And we went in it together.
And we've tracked each
other in our lives,
a lot of the work we've
done for the last 30 years,
and Stephen--
and the point of
the conversation
is that beauty adds refinement
to anything you apply it to.
And beauty can be something as
simple as a smile to a clerk
who's having a rough day--
that's an act of beauty--
to literally creating something,
creating something beautiful,
like what you do on
your show, creating
a beautiful environment,
and inviting people
in in a beautiful
way to talk with you.
That's an act of beauty.
You can paint your house
a lovely, soft turquoise
that soothes the eyes.
But every time you commit
yourself to an act of beauty,
you're raising the
frequency of your field.
It goes up, up, up, up,
every act of beauty.
And that starts with thoughts.
And we all have
negative thoughts.
We all get mad.
But, yet, if you can recover
yourself and return it
to something beautiful.
For me, a lot of times
it's just deciding I
want to bake something
for my friends.
Baking for me is like a therapy.
It's very, very soothing.
And I love sharing
it with other people.
So I just get in the
kitchen and pull out
my apron and my stuff,
my gluten free stuff.
>>LISA: Your gluten free stuff.
I love what you
say about beauty.
I agree.
Beauty makes things
calm and quiet for me.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
>>LISA: And it's not--
I'm not talking about
facial beauty and clothes.
I'm talking about just
calm, serene, beauty.
The beauty of a flower
and how it blooms.
And a strawberry and
the lines of the seeds.
>>MEREDITH: This was very
important in ancient cultures,
ancient Persian,
Chinese, Japanese.
Beauty was the ultimate to
aspire to on all levels.
Even though there were other
factors of those societies that
could be quite
cruel in the day, it
was still an aspiration to
live in a more beautiful way.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: It's not anymore.
That's gone.
The thing that's so
wonderful about beauty to me
is that we were
talking about time
and how we get
frustrated because we
can't manifest the
big stuff that takes
a buy in from other people.
With little acts of beauty
like baking something, doing
a little painting, just going
over and helping someone,
those things you
can do in real time
and have real, on Earth
time satisfaction,
like now, instant gratification.
Those acts of beauty
make it possible to be
patient through the rest
of the really big stuff
while raising your
frequencies at the same time.
So I'm really big on just engage
in any little act of beauty
you can any time
it presents itself,
because that is instant
gratification in this realm.
>>LISA: That is so important.
That is very necessary
with all the things
we have going on in our world.
I like to ask my guests,
what is your biggest
why for why you do what you do?
>>MEREDITH: Pretty
much because of what
we've been talking about
just a little bit ago.
I see that people
are struggling.
And the only reason
they're struggling
is because they're not
listening to themselves.
So if you can help
somebody learn to dial back
into themselves and their
incredible true nature,
then you don't have
these questions.
And this kind of
despair that we're
seeing on the planet, the
distraction we're seeing,
there's no need for it.
You're dialed in.
So what I do is
simply to give people
a lot of different
perspectives-- all of them,
all of the paths lead to Rome.
Start dialing back
into your true self.
>>LISA: I love that.
I love that you shared so
many things with us about how
to live an inspired life.
That really is truly
what you're doing.
>>MEREDITH: That's the
way I do it, anyway.
>>LISA: Thank you so much for
showing us an example of how
to live an inspired life.
You're amazing.
>>MEREDITH: Thank you so much.
Thank you for inviting me on.
It's been wonderful.
You're very gracious.
>>LISA: It's been
fun, host to host.
>>MEREDITH: Indeed.
>>LISA: If you'd like to watch
more inspirational programming,
check out
"Inspirations" on Gaia.
I'm Lisa Garr.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay aware.
[MUSIC PLAYING]